hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day so I'm in a not a
strange oh it's a golden play button
that can only need one thing somebody
famous quite famous doesn't say yeah so
this is mystery guitar man and if you've
checked out YouTube for any math time
you know who he is he makes really cool
videos and the reason I like your videos
is because I think they're smart you
think so I do think they're smart well
thank you I've always wanted to see one
of your smart videos being made so
that's what you're doing now with this
yeah yeah this is a zoetrope a what is
zoetrope I can try to take some of these
letters and ah there we go
you have this cylinder that has a bunch
of like animation frames up top see
right now it's really blurry uh-huh they
have all these frames which is basically
like you know like this with this like
this like this like this right
like stop-motion right let's that motion
basically yeah when you spin it the
slits act as a shutter so then you get
to see little birds flying around so why
do you need the slits you need this lift
because otherwise your brain your eyes
are seeing way too many frames like you
can't make sense okay so basically we're
eliminating all the parts that we don't
want to see so you're you're putting the
image in one specific spot so you're
indexing it or something than that so
what does that have to do with a record
this this is it this isn't a Neil
Diamond record is it no no it's a very
cheap record somebody's demo tape they
will record I guess basically I just
spin it like this
and the speed that it spins which is as
fast as I as I made it go like this um I
have my camera shooting at 23 frames per
second yeah a very expensive camera
right it's pretty expensive yeah that's
a good investment imagine is spinning
very slowly like this is one frame and
then this is the next frame and then
this is the next so basically it's like
aliasing only it's constructive yeah I
like that constructive aliasing I think
you just invented a new term so I shot
at a really weird frame rate like twenty
three point two frames per second and I
can mess with the pitch too so this
specific very cheap USB thing it's like
if I can slow it down and turn it up in
anything you can hear the in the song
that's pretty awesome
that's pretty sweet yes that's not works
basically so enough about that how long
does it take to do this
this this is what took the longest I had
to cut out
I think thirteen hundred different
frames it's basically is like you know
just go up and line it up correctly are
you serious yeah
so what are these by the way these are
little frames that would basically paste
like this go to the next one they said
go to the next one paste and basically
these are in sequence all the frames of
the video while going turn the camera on
for a second none turn the camera off
do this shut all the lights off take all
these frames up threw them on the floor
and then put the new frames on turn it
on turn camera and lights on so this is
this is exactly why I like his videos is
because they're they're awesome but
they're brute force force yes yeah
that's pretty awesome so if the video
was three seconds long let's say that
the video was just from from here to
here right then we would need 72 frames
because I did one frame every second
gotcha
which equals to four full zoetrope
because it's 18 times 18 times 18 times
and they would just send me - right
gotcha so okay so when you made the
video you you actually made it one
second at a time and then you would
reload the entire zoetrope right exactly
and not that exactly one second it's a
little less than a second because only
18 of them fit here because this is a
smaller zoetrope so I would make it 18
twenty-fourths of a second whatever that
- Adam - yeah so if you wanna see
mystery guitar mains video or subscribe
to him like I've been subscribed for a
long time I really like I really like a
guitar impossible oh wow yeah long time
like
two men excellent so go check out his
channel can I have a link can you give
me a link to this video fantastic
anyway go check him out subscribe I am
I'm Destin get smarter every day have a
good one